README.md, before:

# Personal Store

Stop cluttering your chat apps with self-messages. Seamlessly share information between your mobile and PC without the mess.

🔗 **Live:** [https://personal-store-alpha.vercel.app](https://personal-store-alpha.vercel.app)

🔗 [Medium Article](https://medium.com/@dalvimangesh000/i-built-personal-store-because-i-was-tired-of-texting-myself-99e9b7276c84)

<img width="2752" height="1536" alt="Gemini_Generated_Image_algrn9algrn9algr" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f36591d8-5105-49bf-9cdf-1ac5aa132633" />

## Features

- **📝 Snippet Store:** Organize code and text snippets with tags, search, and privacy controls.
- **📋 Clipboard Store:** Quick access to your temporary clipboard history.
- **📝 Todo Store:** Manage tasks with priority & deadlines.
- **🔗 Link Store:** Save, manage, and share important links.
- **📊 Habit Store:** Track daily habits with consistency graphs and streaks.
- **📋 Tracking Store:** Kanban-style board for project and task management.
- **👣 Steps Store:** Document and execute complex multi-step procedures with variables and instructions.
- **📦 Drop Store:** Text management for easy sharing.
- **🌍 Public Store:** Share snippets with the world or restrict access to specific users.
- **🔥 Secret Store:** Generate self-destructing links for sensitive information (Burn After Reading).
- **✨ Smart Editor:** AI-powered editing and generation using Google Gemini.
- **🔒 Encrypted Storage:** All user data is encrypted at rest in the database for maximum privacy.
- **👁️ Privacy Mode:** One-click privacy mode to blur sensitive content when screen sharing.
- **👁️‍🗨️ Master Visibility:** Global control to show/hide items marked as hidden across all stores.
- **🗑️ Trash Store:** Safety net for deleted items with restore capability.

## Tech Stack

- **Framework:** Next.js 16 (App Router)
- **UI Library:** React 19 & Tailwind CSS 4
- **Database:** MongoDB (Mongoose)
- **AI:** Google Generative AI (Gemini)
- **Drag & Drop:** @dnd-kit
- **Icons:** Lucide React
- **Components:** Radix UI & Custom Components

## Getting Started

1. **Clone the repository**

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/personal-store.git
   cd personal-store
   ```

2. **Install dependencies**

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. **Set up environment variables**

   Create a `.env` file with your MongoDB URI and Google Gemini API key.

4. **Run the development server**

   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

5. **Open [http://localhost:9999](http://localhost:9999)**

## License

MIT

Commit message:

Improve ux in mobile view route

README.md, after:

# Personal Store

Stop cluttering your chat apps with self-messages. Seamlessly share information between your mobile and PC without the mess.

🔗 **Live:** [https://personal-store-alpha.vercel.app](https://personal-store-alpha.vercel.app)

### 📲 Install as an App
For the best experience on mobile, you can install Personal Store as a PWA:
1. Open the [Live link](https://personal-store-alpha.vercel.app) in **Chrome** on your mobile device.
2. Tap the **three-dot menu** (⋮) in the top-right corner.
3. Select **"Add to Home Screen"** or **"Install app"**.
4. Click **Install** to add it to your app drawer.

<img width="2752" height="1536" alt="Gemini_Generated_Image_algrn9algrn9algr" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f36591d8-5105-49bf-9cdf-1ac5aa132633" />

## Features

- **📱 Mobile-First Design:** Optimized interface for seamless use on smartphones with a dedicated mobile dashboard.
- **📝 Snippet Store:** Organize code and text snippets with tags, search, and privacy controls.
- **📋 Clipboard Store:** Quick access to your temporary clipboard history.
- **📝 Todo Store:** Manage tasks with priority & deadlines.
- **🔗 Link Store:** Save, manage, and share important links.
- **📊 Habit Store:** Track daily habits with consistency graphs and streaks.
- **📋 Tracking Store:** Kanban-style board for project and task management.
- **👣 Steps Store:** Document and execute complex multi-step procedures with variables and instructions.
- **📦 Drop Store:** Text management for easy sharing.
- **🌍 Public Store:** Share snippets with the world or restrict access to specific users.
- **🔥 Secret Store:** Generate self-destructing links for sensitive information (Burn After Reading).
- **✨ Smart Editor:** AI-powered editing and generation using Google Gemini.
- **🔒 Encrypted Storage:** All user data is encrypted at rest in the database for maximum privacy.
- **👁️ Privacy Mode:** One-click privacy mode to blur sensitive content when screen sharing.
- **👁️‍🗨️ Master Visibility:** Global control to show/hide items marked as hidden across all stores.
- **🗑️ Trash Store:** Safety net for deleted items with restore capability.

## Tech Stack

- **Framework:** Next.js 16 (App Router)
- **UI Library:** React 19 & Tailwind CSS 4
- **Database:** MongoDB (Mongoose)
- **AI:** Google Generative AI (Gemini)
- **Drag & Drop:** @dnd-kit
- **Icons:** Lucide React
- **Components:** Radix UI & Custom Components

## Getting Started

1. **Clone the repository**

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/personal-store.git
   cd personal-store
   ```

2. **Install dependencies**

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. **Set up environment variables**

   Create a `.env` file with your MongoDB URI and Google Gemini API key.

4. **Run the development server**

   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

5. **Open [http://localhost:9999](http://localhost:9999)**

## License

MIT
